Hi guys, K-Movie Recapped here. Before we
start, WARNING! Spoilers Ahead! Today, I’m
going to explain a 2017 Korean Crime-Thriller
movie called V I P. The movie tells the story
of a handsome psychopath who is suspected
of committing serial murders and rapes around
the world, and is chased by South Korea, North
Korea and the CIA. Following a string of brutal
murders, a weary South Korean detective homes
in on a suspect: the son of a high-ranking
North Korean official.
The story starts on an empty street in North
Korea. A teenage female student is walking
alone on the side of the road. Suddenly, 3
students in a car come and kidnap her. She
wakes up naked in an unknown room, surrounded
by men who are raping and torturing her. It
turns out that they are a gang of psychopaths
who have also killed her whole family. The
gang leader, Kim Gwang-Il, comes to her to
finish her. He strangles her with a string
of wire.
A North Korean officer, Lee Dae-Bum, is investigating
this heinous crime. He and his team gather
evidence at the crime scene, only to find
out the horrifying things that the psychopaths
have done to the girl’s family. He already
has a suspect, but when he reports it to his
superior, he is asked to let it go. It seems
like his superior is hiding something. He
even gets demoted and moved to another place.
3 years later in South Korea, the police found
a dead body of a girl with signs of rape and
torture. Similar murder cases have happened
several times recently in South Korea, but
the police have not found the serial killer
yet. This makes the local residence anxious
and pushes the police to find the killer.
A leading detective, Chae Yi-Do, tells his
team to match the DNA found at an eggplant
inside the victim's body with someone he already
suspected. On the other hand, The National
Intelligence Service, or N I S for short,
is discussing the case. They already know
about the identity of the killer, because
they are the ones who brought him here from
North Korea 2 years ago. They call him the
V I P.
The DNA result turns out to be a match. Chae
and his team raid Kim at his hideout. But
when they arrive, there are also some N I
S agents trying to take him too. Chae and
his team have an arrest warrant for him, so
the N I S back down. Seeing this, one of the
N I S superior agents panics and immediately
provides a lawyer for Kim Gwang-Il.
In the Interrogation Room, his lawyer gives
a bunch of alibis for him. When asked about
the DNA result, Kim says that he and the victim
have a farm together as a hobby. The farm
has some cucumbers and eggplants. At that
moment, Chae is sure that he is the killer.
Because he hasn’t said anything yet about
the eggplant. After that, his team gathers
CCTV and dashboard camera videos all around
the city to prove the whereabouts of Kim during
his alibi. After hours of manually checking
the video, they get the evidence that proves
his alibi wrong.
On the other side, someone is torturing Kim's
gang members. After killing one of them, he
releases the other in the middle of the street.
The N I S find him and quickly take him into
their custody. They make an agreement with
the chief of police, they will make that man
responsible for all of the murder cases but
they want Kim released to them. Seeing this
as a win-win solution, which can close the
murder case, he accepts the offer.
The N I S brings Kim’s gang member to Chae
but he can’t accept it. He talks to the
chief of police and he tells him to just let
Kim go. This will make N I S happy and they
can close the murder case since they also
found that men's DNA inside the victims. Just
before the N I S take Kim, he provokes Chae
which makes him angry and hits Kim. This makes
him get suspended from the task force.
Feeling defeated, he goes back home and finds
an unknown man inside. It turns out to be
Lee, the officer from North Korea. He tells
him his identity and the story about how he
and his men are tortured by Kim. He is the
only one who survives and comes to take revenge
on Kim. Kim is the son of a high-ranking official
in North Korea. Because of that, he couldn’t
touch him. But now his father has been arrested
so if he brings Kim back to North Korea, they
will arrest him too. They finally agree on
working together.
Under the N I S custody, Kim assaults one
of the woman agents. Knowing about this, Park
beats the shit out of Kim. Kim keeps smiling
without showing any remorse. The N I S and
C I A have an agreement to give Kim to the
C I A so they wouldn’t have to deal with
him anymore. When the C I A come, they tell
them that it is actually their plan to move
Kim from North Korea to South Korea. They
want the banking information of Kim’s father
in China that he knows. On the other side,
Lee tells Cheo that Kim also killed someone
in Hongkong. They record the video when they
torture and rape the victim, then sold the
video to fund their operation. In that video,
Kim’s face is shown clearly.
Kim becomes angry which makes Chae satisfied
that finally, he can get rid of the smirk
on Kim’s face.
Unexpectedly, the chief of police suspended
the whole of Chae's task force, making them
unable to enter their office. Chae drives
the car alone with Kim but he couldn’t find
out the solution. Park finds him and tries
to convince him to let it go. He agrees and
lets the C I A take Kim. But just before they
go away, Kim manages to snatch a gun from
one of the C I A agents and shoot Kim. The
C I A panic and quickly grab Kim away from
the scene. Seeing that, Park chases them.
Unexpectedly, Lee comes and rams the C I A.
He takes Kim into his car and drives away.
Lee brings Kim back to North Korea by boat.
But it turns out that the whole boat’s crew
is Kim’s underlings. Lee doesn’t know
that recently Kim’s father has come back
to power. They kill Lee and throw his body
into the sea. Park then learns about it from
his superior, but he can’t do anything about
it. He only can wait for a future chance while
seeing Chae lies on the hospital bed helplessly.
5 years later in Hongkong, Park is hired by
the CIA to take Kim into their custody. Kim’s
father has now been executed, so he has lost
his power. They give him the location of Kim
and a gun to take care of his men. He goes
to the location and wipes all of Kim’s guards
one by one. When he finds Kim, instead of
taking him to the C I A, he shoots him multiple
times, torturing him, just before he shot
him in the head. He then mutilates his body
and puts it inside a bag. He goes out from
the building to meet the C I A and gives the
bag to them. Just before he leaves, he tells
the C I A to take care of their own problem
from now on.
Make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications
so you can watch more videos like this. Thanks
for watching, and see you, next time.